added note about timeout and editing on command line (#109)
stjudecloud/university: docs/genomics-platform/workflow-guides/rapid-rnaseq/index.md

Refer to [the general workflow guide](../../analyzing-data/running-sj-workflows/#running-the-workflow) to learn how to launch the workflow, hook up input files, adjust parameters, start a run, and monitor run progress.

!!!note
The Rapid RNA-seq workflow has an automatic timeout after 30 hours to prevent possible runaway costs, if you need to adjust or remove this timeout entirely, you must do so via the DNAnexus CLI. You can use the following command:

> `dx run app-stjude_cicero --extra-args '{"timeoutPolicyByExecutable": {"app-GQB77jQ078YQk83ZYF5X7fyq":{"*": {"hours": 0}}}}'`

Author: Should this still be added / changed? Is there a timeout for all of the RNA-seq workflow or only the individual apps?

> `dx run app-stjude_cicero --extra-args '{"timeoutPolicyByExecutable": {"app-GQB77jQ078YQk83ZYF5X7fyq":{"*": {"hours": 0}}}}'`

Reviewer: The only timeouts should be on the apps.

Refer to [the general workflow guide](../../analyzing-data/running-sj-workflows/#running-the-workflow) to learn how to launch the workflow, hook up input files, adjust parameters, start a run, and monitor run progress.

> !!!note
> Several of the apps that make up the Rapid RNA-seq workflow have an automatic timeout value included to prevent possible runaway costs, if you need to adjust or remove any of these, currently you must do so via the DNAnexus CLI (though a method to do so from the UI should be available in the future). Specifcally, the apps and their timeout values are:
> 
> * STAR - 24.5 hour timeout
> * RNApeg - 15 hour timeout
> * CICERO - 30 hour timeout
> * Coverage_bw - no timeout
> * Fuzzion - no timeout
> 
> You can use the following command to change or remove a timeout for one of the steps in the workflow, but will need the information for the specific apps within your version of the workflow. To do this, here is an example where the CICERO timeout is removed entirely:
> 
> `dx run app-stjude_cicero --extra-args '{"timeoutPolicyByExecutable": {"app-GQB77jQ078YQk83ZYF5X7fyq":{"*": {"hours": 0}}}}'`
> 
> To find the information required in that command, if you have `jq` installed, you can find the app-name from your copy of the workflow with:
> 
> `dx describe --json "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" | jq -r '.stages | .[] | select(.id == "cicero").executable'`
> 
> And that can be combined with a second dx describe to get the app ID that's needed for the run command:
> 
> `dx describe --json $(dx describe --json "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" | jq -r '.stages | .[] | select(.id == "cicero").executable') | jq -r .id`
> 
> Without having `jq` installed, it can be more tricky:
> 
> `dx describe $(dx describe "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" | grep app-stjude_cicero | sed 's/.*app-/app-/') | grep ID | sed 's/.*app-/app-/'`
> 
> Please reach out to support@dnanexus.com and support@stjude.cloud with any questions about doing this.
> !!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!note
Several of the apps that make up the Rapid RNA-seq workflow have an automatic timeout value included to prevent possible runaway costs, if you need to adjust or remove any of these, currently you must do so via the DNAnexus CLI (though a method to do so from the UI should be available in the future). Specifically, the apps and their timeout values are:

* STAR - 24.5 hour timeout
* RNApeg - 15 hour timeout
* CICERO - 30 hour timeout
* Coverage_bw - no timeout
* Fuzzion - no timeout

You can use the following command to change or remove a timeout for one of the steps in the workflow, but will need the information for the specific apps within your version of the workflow. To do this, here is an example where the CICERO timeout is removed entirely:

`dx run "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" --extra-args '{"timeoutPolicyByExecutable": {"app-GQB77jQ078YQk83ZYF5X7fyq":{"*": {"hours": 0}}}}'`

You will need to specify the workflow you are trying to run, either "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" or "Rapid RNA-Seq (FastQ)". You will also need to update with the appropriate DNAnexus app ID (replace `app-GQB77jQ078YQk83ZYF5X7fyq` above). 

To find the information required in that command, if you have `jq` installed, you can find the app name from your copy of the workflow with:

`dx describe --json "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" | jq -r '.stages | .[] | select(.id == "cicero").executable'`

And that can be combined with a second `dx describe` to get the app ID that's needed for the run command:

`dx describe --json $(dx describe --json "Rapid RNA-Seq (BAM)" | jq -r '.stages | .[] | select(.id == "cicero").executable') | jq -r .id`

The values can also be manually found in the output of `dx describe`.

Detailed information on timeout values can be found in the [DNAnexus documentation](https://documentation.dnanexus.com/developer/api/running-analyses/applets-and-entry-points#specifying-job-timeouts).

Please reach out to support@dnanexus.com and support@stjude.cloud with any questions about doing this.
!!!
```
